You go ahead.
I'll go by myself.
Everyone here is from the Zhang family.
I don't feel at ease with you going alone.
Don't worry,
Sooner or later, I’ll have to face it myself.
Alright.
Then I'll wait for you here.
Move aside.
Don't touch my things.
No, I won't.
You can't say that.
Move aside.
Zhi Han.
Come here.
Let me see.
Are you hurt?
Come on.
I'll take you home.
No, I'm not going.
I want to find Dad.
You hit me.
I'll tell Grandma.
My little troublemaker,
Are you okay after falling?
Zhang Zhi Han,
you little rascal.
You're just a spoiled brat with a mother who gave birth but didn’t teach you.
How dare you bully my grandson.
See if I don't beat you.
What do you want to do?
Dao Dao,
Since you're here,
why not come in and sit?
Why are you standing outside?
Dad.